the Sun is setting
I'm a full octave too high oh who will
rescue me
never fear Joe is you bad I shall save
you but you are so low and I am so high
I have a musical theory this scale will
help me arise be careful it may be out
of your range I think it goes like
okay all right yeah come on down banjo
it's getting pretty high yes yes thank
you - yes we can see a swing that was
pretty high well hello are you new here
can you point me to craft services join
me in a decaf half cream Frappuccino I
prefer mocha mint Harold reminder love
scene coming easy on the guy like don't
make me come down there
you know who I need rescuing from this
one you know there's only one person I'd
call for a scale this high stunt banjo
yeah he comes walking out of the West
Joel
so banjo anyone some banjo yeah
typically I do all my own stunts I am a
five string nothing gets past me oh well
oh you guys again somebody get me stunt
banjo stunt banjo anyone it's under s or
possibly be I don't know look it up oh
I'm here guess you do kind of look like
a banjo get on up there
Roger that let's go wide screaming oh
wait first you're gonna need the Hat you
got it hat me ah that's good stuff
I have a musical theory this scale and
so on let's do the stunt be careful it
may be out of your range
so
I'm okay I'm alright you're rolling oh
yeah we weren't rolling on that can we
back it up one more time well another
day's work I don't get the girls cuz I
ain't got the chrome I'm a banjo of ten
leaving alone stars get the fans but I
get to fly cuz they call doremi an
escape was to Rye you're my hero
just doing my job kid doing my job yeah
angles won't pay no never the Sun like a
thing walking to the Sun these are scale
cards from a gun store banjo stop banjo
anyone hello where did everyone go
Hey huh looks like I'll be here for a
while
glad I brought a crossword
you